fix(kafka sink): retry messages that result in kafka policy violations (#22041)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/22026-retry-kafka-policy-violations.fix.md

> Retry Kafka messages that error with `RDKafkaErrorCode::PolicyViolation` so messages are not lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retry Kafka messages that error with a policy violation so messages are not lost.
```
